The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
"Provisional Licensing Exam Location
National Dagoba Arena"
Those of us in Class 1-A of
U.A. High School's hero course
take on the provisional hero licensing exam.
If you can pass this test and
get your provisional licenses,
then you novice eggs will become chicks...
You'll hatch into semi-pros.
"Pro Hero - Eraser Head - Quirk: Erasure"
Do your best.
"Number to Pass 1st Test
100 People"
In the first test, the examinees put three
targets anywhere they like on their bodies,
"1st Test Rules"
and if all three get hit by balls,
then they're out.
The first hundred to get two or more
people out with the six balls they're given
can move on to the next round of testing.
"Fail"
If you like your class this year,
then you should've told your students.
"Pro Hero - Ms. Joke - Quirk: Outburst"
What always happens at the beginning...
The crushing of U.A.
One For All...
Full Cowling...
Shoot Style!
Dark Shadow!
--Got it!
--The crushing of U.A.
--All right!
--There wasn't really a reason
why I didn't tell them,
but in the end, it wouldn't
change what they had to do.
They just have to overcome everything.
A hero is someone who can
turn around a bad situation.
In the first place, if they become pros,
then everyone will already know their Quirks,
so I'm sorry, but we look a little
further ahead than everyone else.
"Shiketsu High Lurking"
Hey, Eraser.
For this first test, since they
pass in the order they finish,
there's the impression that
whoever attacks first wins,
but that's not the case, is it?
No, it looks like the keys will
be teamwork and cooperation,
and their ability to gather information.
If they're seduced by the words
"the first hundred" and rush to get points,
then they'll have the tables turned on them.
Most are getting repelled, huh?
I guess we shouldn't be surprised that
something like this won't take down U.A....
But well, I think I see now...
"2nd Year - Shikkui Makabe
- Quirk: Stiffening"
Ketsubutsu Academy,
second year, Shikkui Makabe!
Quirk: Stiffening!
He can make objects he kneads or
scrapes with both hands super hard!
However, it does not work on living things!
I'm leaving it to you.
I'll take it from here.
But I might just end up
finishing ahead of you all.
I hope you let it pass because it means
you have less people to go up against.
Target Lock-On...
Boomerang: Crescent Moon Trajectory.
The targets have been determined.
Since their trajectories
are hiding underground,
you won't be able to react.
"Itejiro Toteki - Quirk: Boomerang"
Ketsubutsu Academy,
second year, Itejiro Toteki!
Quirk: Boomerang!
He can throw objects in his hands
at any trajectory he wishes!
He can even throw them underground!
Where in the world are they?!
Get back! I'll take this!
Sound Amplification...
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
Amplifier Jack...
Heartbeat Distortion!
She's digging up the ground!
But--
Huh?
They're coming for me!
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
Maximum viscosity and solubility...
Acid Veil!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
Thanks! That's a great move.
It's a defensive move
that puts up a melty wall!
They've finished their ultimate moves, huh?
Of course.
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
"Black Abyss"
Black Abyss!
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
It's easier to say, and cooler, too!
Piercing Twilight Claws!
So strong!
"Tatami Nakagame - Quirk: Telescopic"
Ketsubutsu Academy,
second year, Tatami Nakagame!
Quirk: Telescopic!
She can fold her body into
itself like a turtle.
It'll make you faint if you
see it on a dark road at night!
I see. This isn't the Class A
from the sports festival.
They've grown a lot.
"Heroes Public Safety Commission -
Yokumiru Mera"
There's still a stalemate in all quarters...
No one has passed yet.
Oh, when we get any reports, I will announce
them all from this broadcasting area.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
No one's passed yet.
The targets everyone is wearing--
In other words, their weak points!
Everyone will fight while protecting them,
so throwing blindly will
have a low chance of hitting.
But well, I think I see now...
Everyone's still at the "wait-and-see" stage.
Everyone's watching for their opponents'
weaknesses and how they use their Quirks.
The fight will probably speed up from here!
All right!
"We look a little further ahead
than everyone else," huh?
That's pretty condescending, Eraser.
There are as many kids who want to become
heroes as there are stars in the sky.
The strength of that will has
nothing to do with being famous.
If you act like you're the stars of the
show and look down on everyone else,
then you're the ones that might
get the tables turned on you.
Get away! Their defenses seem strong!
Break!
Maximum Force!
"Tremoring Earth"
Tremoring Earth!
Oh, no!
Everyone, run!
What the heck is this?!
This is crazy!
Deku!
We've got ultimate moves, too, of course.
"Yo Shindo - Quirk: Vibrate"
Ketsubutsu Academy,
second year, Yo Shindo!
Quirk: Vibrate!
He can make the things he touches vibrate.
However, aftershocks based on the strength
of the vibrations transfer to his body,
making him unable to move.
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Tremors?
An earthquake?
No, probably someone's Quirk.
What kind of Quirk is that?
Which school is it from?
Don't lose focus!
The enemy's close!
Now, there should be one or two
who've passed by now...
Wind?
--Hey, our balls!
--Huh?!
Just the balls are getting pulled up!
I think heroes need passion!
All of your fights are so passionate!
"Inasa Yoarashi"
I love passion!
Shiketsu High School! By himself?
What is he saying? I kinda get it, though...
Wait, now that he's
got our balls, we can't...!
Please let me join in
your passionate fighting!
I'm looking...
...forward to it!
Oh, finally, someone passed...
What?!
Th-There were 120 people taken out?!
A single person took out
120 people and passed!
All right! I won!
Um, well, I'm so surprised
that I'm awake now.
It looks like they'll just keep coming now.
Everyone, please do your best
as quickly as possible.
What a Quirk.
It seems like it would be hard to use
where there are buildings...
Oh, no, we've gotten split up!
This situation is what
Ketsubutsu was planning.
I need to meet up with
everyone--someone--soon!
If I'm by myself, I'm done for.
There's a big difference in the length
of time we've had to work together
and make decisions during battle.
We're behind by a whole
year's worth of training!
It's not something that can just
be made up for with experience!
Yoarashi...
Last year, the same year as you guys,
Yoarashi got the top scores of those
admitted through recommendations,
but for some reason,
he turned down his acceptance.
If he was the top of those
with recommendations...
Then, his abilities are above Todoroki's?!
Today, I'll do my best
while learning from you!
Maximum Force!
"Tremoring Earth"
Tremoring Earth!
Strong people from all over the country...
I don't know why,
but I'm getting a little excited!
Sh-She came out of nowhere?!
Got you.
That's no good.
Don't stare off into space.
But it's weird that even though
you're in trouble, you're smiling.
This person is from Shiketsu High School!
"Camie Utsushimi"
You're so cool.
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 7/28"
"Height: 177 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Oranges"
"Hanta Sero"
"Quirk: Tape"
"He can shoot tape-like material from his elbows and use it to apprehend or for movement."
"Affiliation: Shiketsu High School 1st Year"
"Birthday: 9/26"
"Height: 190 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Passion"
"Inasa Yoarashi"
"Quirk: Whirlwind"
"He can create strong winds around himself and control them."
That was a forceful division...
Someone could've died!
If I try to call out to the others,
the other schools will find me,
and I'll be a target.
They shouldn't be too far away.
In order to keep from having
to fight by myself against a team,
I need to find the others first.
It's especially at times like this
that I need to be calm and careful...
It's time for Sneak Uravity!
In tests where they expect
a melee like this one,
apparently, there are those who go after places
they've already got a lot of intel on.
That's why I came to see you,
since there was the possibility
that U.A. would be taken out early.
I didn't want to miss this chance
to interact with a prestigious school,
and I wanted to know more about you all.
You sure talk a lot.
Ketsubutsu Academy will
be here soon as a group.
This is no time for a leisurely chat.
I'm sure she understands that.
Does she have teammates
coming to help her?
Or is she just that confident?
It can't be helped.
I've gotta make sure I don't get taken out!
She's gone again!
Where...?
I just have to punch with a ball, right?
Oh, no!
Counter... attack!
Or not...
Do you think my Quirk lets me disappear?
Shoot!
I was just hiding.
Just hiding?
That's right.
It's a technique.
I make my opponent's eyes and ears
turn away from my presence.
At that instant, I hold my breath,
clear my mind, hide, and disappear.
The hard part is clearing my mind.
You can even learn something
like that at Shiketsu?
The trick is to not think
about training as training.
Oh, we both want to know about each other.
My turn next.
Why do you want to become a hero?
For honor? Pride? For someone else's sake?
I want to know more about you.
Man, Shiketsu's here, too.
I don't like it.
Oh, no...
This is bad.
I wasn't able to find anyone,
and I'm being targeted by a big group.
I made the worst-case scenario
I thought of earlier into reality!
Here they come...
Dodge!
Just dodge!
Are you okay?
Uraraka!
Over here! Hurry!
What, does she have a plan?
I won't let you hurry!
Jeez, get outta my way!
I'll take her out!
Hey, wait!
Back then, I chose to fight
and destroyed my arms.
If I hadn't destroyed them, I might've
been able to get Kacchan back.
And if I had been able to get him back,
then All Might might not have
had to fight against All For One.
Back then, if I had been able to protect
Kota and get him to Mr. Aizawa
and go after the villains sooner...
I will train focusing on my legs.
Because I should've gotten there sooner.
An opening!
In order to save others, you have
to be able to take care of yourself first!
Damn it! He's making us lose our footing!
No, I think it's already more
effective than just a stopgap.
Especially for the
provisional licensing exam.
It's just as All Might said!
I've decided. Until my body catches up,
I won't use One For All at 100%.
But until then, the instant my
iron soles create a strong impact,
the toes spring back out,
so I get two hits in an instant!
This support item compensates for the
lack of power and the pull of my legs!
I'll make my legs stronger,
and become the hero I hold as my ideal...
We finally got the 30th person, huh?
We've still got a long way to go...
Can you hurry it up, please...?
Man, U.A.'s fast at running away!
Gone! Are they hiding?
I'm sure they're close!
Anyway, I was thinking about this earlier,
but isn't this kind of inefficient?
Anyone chasing us? No...
I wonder if they gave up.
Thanks. Sorry, I messed up.
No, it's not that...
Could you be someone from Shiketsu?
Huh?
Uraraka has been training with her Quirk
so that if it's for a short time, she can
ignore the side effects
and use it on herself.
But to not even try to use it
even though you were in danger...
...and above all, to show yourself
to the enemy with no plan in mind!
That's not like the Uraraka I know at all!
If you saved me even though you noticed...
...does that mean you were
trying to use me, instead?
I-I didn't think that far ahead.
But I'm glad I saved you then.
Because if you're not Uraraka,
then you couldn't have floated away.
If you kept falling the way you were,
then you would've definitely injured your back.
Oh? I see.
So that's why you did it...
I want you to tell me more about yourself.
Can't we do this after the exam?
Will you save anyone?
Where's the boundary?
Where do you draw the line?
Wait, your clothes!
Why are you naked?
Please put something on!
I will after I do what I need to do!
A scratch?
What is the matter with her?!
Jeez.
Tape!
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
Midoriya! What's with this
enviable situation you're in?
Sero!
Uraraka!
Release!
What amazing reflexes!
Things were just getting good... Too bad...
I really, really...
...wanted to talk to you more.
But it's impossible like this.
It's really too bad...
Ochaco Uraraka.
He really trusts you a lot.
Huh?
Hey, stop, you molester!
You don't have to follow her!
Why not?
It might've been because of her Quirk,
but she's not wearing her clothes or her targets.
There's still a chance
she might come after us,
but taking into consideration
the time we have left and everything,
it would be hard to get a point off her.
More importantly, you two
are the real thing, right?
What are you talking about, Midoriya?
Well, actually, the girl earlier transformed
to look exactly like Uraraka...
Huh?!
Was she naked, Midoriya?!
That's what you're concerned about?
She was wearing her costume!
So that molester's Quirk
is to transform into others, huh?
Probably.
The other schools really
know a lot about us, huh?
If they even know that you
and Uraraka are good friends...
Maybe it's because we were on the same team
for the cavalry battle
at the sports festival.
Oh, I see.
More importantly, how'd you two find me?
I saw a fight and rushed over.
I met up with Uraraka on the way.
I'm glad we made it in time!
Yeah, thanks.
We've got three for now, right?
I wish we could meet up with the
others who got separated, though.
But 30 people have already
passed the first test.
We have to hurry.
It'll hit a hundred before we know it!
The other guys are moving around
in groups of ten or more.
I could attack first,
but it would be annoying
if there are people with
Quirks I'm weak against.
Ideally, the other teams
would fight each other
and bring each other's numbers down
before I launch my attack, but...
Let's see, things have been moving quickly.
The current number of people
who have passed is 52--
No, 53. They just keep on coming.
Since there were people who
took out more than two people,
there are now 230 people who have failed.
And just now, the 54th person has passed.
Less than half left, now!
Hurry up! Finish!
I can't just wait around, huh?
That was pretty good.
As expected of the runner-up
of the U.A. sports festival...
Todoroki, was it?
I can't believe you're acting alone,
though. That's amazing.
You must be really confident.
But even if he is from U.A., acting alone'll
get him in trouble, don't you think?
It's one-on-ten, you know.
What're you going to do?
Thanks--
For saving me the trouble of finding you.
Aren't you cool.
Damn it, I can't move!
You guys...
Are you sure you watched the sports festival?
Of course we watched it!
A Quirk that makes things bigger, huh?
That's not all!
Should I go all out?
No, but if there are more of them...
Even if I couldn't melt all of it...
It didn't affect it at all?!
That's because they're not
made of ordinary metal.
They're made of tungsten,
which can take super high temperatures!
Didn't I tell you, Todoroki?
Even if you're a U.A.
student, acting alone...
...shows you're overconfident.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
It's the provisional licensing exam,
and those of us in Class A are still in trouble.
Todoroki's being targeted
by Seijin High School,
and Yaoyorozu and the others
are having a hard time, too...
Next time, "Class 1-A"!
"Next time: Class 1-A"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!